hey guys this is Ali I'm going to be
doing a tutorial on how to put in clip
in hair extensions I have very fine hair
and I like hair extensions because they
gave you a nice lengthening volume look
my hair extensions are one hundred
percent human hair and they're also remy
i would recommend human hair extensions
because i feel like they look like they
blend in better so the first thing i do
is i take my rat tail comb you can also
use your fingers it doesn't matter and I
section my hair and I leave like a
little bit of hair down here and then I
clip my hair up with a clip
and I take my hair extensions and I put
this right there you the hairline you're
partying doesn't have to be perfect mine
usually isn't and that's my first piece
in so um you can put more on the back
but I then take another section and I
clip it up I do this section near the
top of my hair you have a very thin hair
so I don't need that many hair
extensions but if you have thicker hair
then i would recommend putting more in
the back and I take my hair extension
brush it out and this one is like longer
with wise and I think that works a lot
better because it like I feel like it
looks more natural and has four clips
just unclip them and put them in try and
stretch out this and then I close over
these
so there you go that's my back done my
hair and now what I do is I take another
hair extension piece I usually use for
and take my finger and I get a section
close to the top of your hair and what I
do is just clip it in here
and then on the next side I take another
one and just part with your finger I
like using my finger on the front sides
because it's easier by like using the
comb on the back toe section and there
you go and I usually take these little
one-inch pieces and I'd put wherever I
might need more hair usually put it up
here and then I take another one
fun got minute change look all right
take another one and I usually put it
down somewhere here I usually use three
for this but I lost one of them so bad
so now you have full lengthening hair
and I take hairspray and I spray wear my
hair ends and I kind of just flattened
in then you take your hair straightener
and straighten it
and there you go now you have
lengthening hair